I am a full-stack Java software developer with recent experience building multi-tiered web applications. I went to school at Texas Southern University where I pursued a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science . In a few years, my goal is to become a senior developer and have my own IT company.

During my time at Revature, I’ve worked on several projects where I gained experience in both backend technologies (including Java, SQL, Spring framework, and microservice architecture) as well as frontend development (including HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and Angular). I also have experience with DevOps and using CI/CD pipelines, deploying to the AWS cloud. I really enjoy collaborative team environments where I can learn from others, and I have worked hard to improve my interpersonal and communication skills.  I look forward to applying all of my skills and prior experience in a position on your team.

ExperienceExperience

Software DeveloperSoftware Developer
Infosys Limited · Full-timeInfosys Limited · Full-time
May 2021 - Feb 2023 · 1 yr 10 mosMay 2021 - Feb 2023 · 1 yr 10 mos
United StatesUnited States
I create and develop the task base on users stories. Develop and Maintain the project, checking the error, Unit test Maven. Developing a new project from the scratch using spring boot and micro-services and Angular as a front end. Using Git repository and AWS EC2 ,RDBS for the connection , Postman API for the rest endpoint , spring tools suits EDI, used Docker for how to deploy the UI project on docker.I create and develop the task base on users stories. Develop and Maintain the project, checking the error, Unit test Maven. Developing a new project from the scratch using spring boot and micro-services and Angular as a front end. Using Git repository and AWS EC2 ,RDBS for the connection , Postman API for the rest endpoint , spring tools suits EDI, used Docker for how to deploy the UI project on docker.…see more
Skills: Microservices · advanced java · React.js · SQL · Scrum · Representational State Transfer (REST) · Amazon Web Services (AWS) · REST APIs · Git · Core Java · Spring Security · Spring MVC · Spring Framework · Spring Boot · AngularSkills: Microservices · advanced java · React.js · SQL · Scrum · Representational State Transfer (REST) · Amazon Web Services (AWS) · REST APIs · Git · Core Java · Spring Security · Spring MVC · Spring Framework · Spring Boot · Angular…see more
Revature logo
Software DeveloperSoftware Developer
Revature · ContractRevature · Contract
Feb 2021 - May 2021 · 4 mosFeb 2021 - May 2021 · 4 mos
United States · RemoteUnited States · Remote
Highly skilled Java Developer with a strong background in designing and developing robust, scalable, and secure applications. Demonstrated expertise in Java programming, object-oriented analysis and design, and software development life cycle (SDLC). Proven ability to translate complex business requirements into efficient and elegant technical solutions. Passionate about staying up-to-date with emerging technologies and continuously improving coding practices. Excellent problem-solving and communication skills, adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to drive project success. Trained with Revature IT at the first step.Highly skilled Java Developer with a strong background in designing and developing robust, scalable, and secure applications. Demonstrated expertise in Java programming, object-oriented analysis and design, and software development life cycle (SDLC). Proven ability to translate complex business requirements into efficient and elegant technical solutions. Passionate about staying up-to-date with emerging technologies and continuously improving coding practices. Excellent problem-solving and communication skills, adept at collaborating with cross-functional teams to drive project success. Trained with Revature IT at the first step.…see more
Skills: GitHub · TypeScript · HTML · advanced java · Git · Core Java · Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) · JavaScript · Spring Data · Spring MVC · Spring Framework · Spring Boot · Hibernate · Angular
